react-native: perf auto instr (#4511)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

### Enable Routing Instrumentation

<Note>

> When no routing instrumentation is used, a transaction for `App Start` is automatically captured. That stops being sent when one of the routing integrations below is added. That information lives as a Span in a transaction captured by the routing instrumentation instead.

Author: @imatwawana It's likely I didn't explain this really well. Do you think this is OK?

Reviewer: I think it's pretty good. What about this?

```suggestion
When no routing instrumentation is used, a transaction for `App Start` is automatically captured. However, that transaction stops being sent when one of the routing integrations below is added. Instead, the `App Start` information is included as a span in a transaction captured by the routing instrumentation.
```
